You wake up to the sounds of birds...It's raining outside...Why are birds out when it's raining?......Something doesn't feel right...You go outside as the birds are flying around while it's raining, But what's strange is that wasn't your bed, nor your house, yet you weren't confused about the interior of the house and knew exactly how to get outside....




So where are we? Well you're in a place called Ohjae. What does that mean? I dunno bro, you'll find that out for yourself.Alright so this place isn't exactly normal. You've got birds flying around in the rain. There's a lot of trees. It's like you live near the rain forest or something..No this isn't the Amazon...

You go back inside and although you KNOW that this isn't your place..it still doesn't feel foreign to you. Kitchen, Bathroom, Bedroom, everything seems to be where it should be, but you don't understand why you know that. There's a knock on the door...
You:"Hi?.."
Person:"Hey, it's like 10, why aren't you ready yet?"
You:"10, what are you talking about, I don't even know you??"
Person:"Shut up and just get ready, we leave in 30 minutes."...

You have no idea what's going on, but in order to understand what's happening here, you just follow what this person was saying. You get ready. Grab an umbrella, and head out with them...

Person:"So are you excited, we finally get to go see the part of the city that isn't ridden with polution!"
(Side-note: All the developers of this game are strong supporters of the fight against Climate Change.)...
Person:"I can't think of the last time we got t.."
Everything suddenly goes black...you are no longer in a car, you're standing in front of a tree. The dark skin of the tree is unlike any other around it, with it's odd branch formation like a twisted preztel. At the bottom, you can see the roots burrowed in the ground unknownst to how far deep they lie...But there's a vibration...boom...boom...like the beat of a heart...You approach the tree...put your hands on the root...you feel...pain...the tree feels like it's dying...unable to protect itself from being wounded...it cries out..."it was the ignorance that did me in"